README.md, before:

# 🚧 FreeCAD Road Workbench

Road is the Transportation and Geomatics Engineering workbench for FreeCAD. 

[![Patreon Banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60067915-40ea-4147-9996-334b2cc078bd)](https://patreon.com/HakanSeven12)

## Use with FreeCAD version 1.0 — there is a bug in version 1.1


## ✨ Features

* Geopoints ✔️
* Terrain ✔️
* Alignment ✔️
* Profile ✔️
* Structure ✔️
* Superelevation ❌
* Road 🔄
* Regions ✔️
* Sections ✔️
* Volume ❌
* GeoLine ❌
* LandXML Importer ✔️
* LandXML Exporter 🔄

## 📥 Installation
### 🔹 Option 1: Install via Addon Manager (Recommended)

1. Open FreeCAD.
2. Go to **Tools > Addon Manager**.
3. In the Addon Manager window, search for **Road**.
4. Select the workbench and click the **Install** button.
5. Restart FreeCAD to complete the installation.

### 🔹 Option 2: Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release the repository.
2. Copy the downloaded folder to your FreeCAD Mod directory:

    ```
    Windows: C:\Users\<YourUsername>\AppData\Roaming\FreeCAD\Mod
    Linux(Flatpak): /home/<YourUsername>/.var/app/org.freecad.FreeCAD/data/FreeCAD/Mod
    MacOS: ~/Library/Preferences/FreeCAD/Mod
    ```

3. Restart FreeCAD to complete the installation.

## 💬 Feedback and Support

💡 Need help? Join the discussion on the FreeCAD Forum: [FreeCAD Road Workbench](https://forum.freecadweb.org/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=34371).

🐞 Found a bug? Report issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/HakanSeven12/Road/issues).

## 👨‍💻 Developer

Developed with passion by Hakan Seven ([@HakanSeven12](https://github.com/HakanSeven12)) with inspiration and contributions from the FreeCAD community.

## 📸 Tutorials
[![Import Geodetic Survey Points to FreeCAD | Road Workbench](https://img.youtube.com/vi/lKOG7RPjchY/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/lKOG7RPjchY)

## 📸 Screenshots
![GeoPoint](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7803dbdc-f646-4d34-80e5-c040a949567b)
![Terrain](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c6e91fb-4e6a-466c-a59d-e3a20a543dca)
![Alignment](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/423c2bdb-91f7-4ae9-8187-28902157d0a2)
![Profile](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4550b37c-ded8-46e9-a480-57bb5f941d9b)
![Sections](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86b22064-9f8a-4b9e-9a64-3467e8e345cd)
![Structure](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e1224ba8-4c80-4e4a-92bc-24d42024a67d)
![Road Model](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ef780b2d-c22a-4211-8bab-b413ca2c87ec)

Commit message:

Add tutorial link for creating terrain in FreeCAD

README.md, after:

# 🚧 FreeCAD Road Workbench

Road is the Transportation and Geomatics Engineering workbench for FreeCAD. 

[![Patreon Banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/60067915-40ea-4147-9996-334b2cc078bd)](https://patreon.com/HakanSeven12)

## Use with FreeCAD version 1.0 — there is a bug in version 1.1


## ✨ Features

* Geopoints ✔️
* Terrain ✔️
* Alignment ✔️
* Profile ✔️
* Structure ✔️
* Superelevation ❌
* Road 🔄
* Regions ✔️
* Sections ✔️
* Volume ❌
* GeoLine ❌
* LandXML Importer ✔️
* LandXML Exporter 🔄

## 📥 Installation
### 🔹 Option 1: Install via Addon Manager (Recommended)

1. Open FreeCAD.
2. Go to **Tools > Addon Manager**.
3. In the Addon Manager window, search for **Road**.
4. Select the workbench and click the **Install** button.
5. Restart FreeCAD to complete the installation.

### 🔹 Option 2: Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release the repository.
2. Copy the downloaded folder to your FreeCAD Mod directory:

    ```
    Windows: C:\Users\<YourUsername>\AppData\Roaming\FreeCAD\Mod
    Linux(Flatpak): /home/<YourUsername>/.var/app/org.freecad.FreeCAD/data/FreeCAD/Mod
    MacOS: ~/Library/Preferences/FreeCAD/Mod
    ```

3. Restart FreeCAD to complete the installation.

## 💬 Feedback and Support

💡 Need help? Join the discussion on the FreeCAD Forum: [FreeCAD Road Workbench](https://forum.freecadweb.org/viewtopic.php?f=8&t=34371).

🐞 Found a bug? Report issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/HakanSeven12/Road/issues).

## 👨‍💻 Developer

Developed with passion by Hakan Seven ([@HakanSeven12](https://github.com/HakanSeven12)) with inspiration and contributions from the FreeCAD community.

## 📸 Tutorials
[![Import Geodetic Survey Points to FreeCAD | Road Workbench](https://img.youtube.com/vi/lKOG7RPjchY/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/lKOG7RPjchY)
[![Create Terrain from Imported Survey Points in FreeCAD | Road Workbench](https://img.youtube.com/vi/1O6TCCFuuQU/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/1O6TCCFuuQU)

## 📸 Screenshots
![GeoPoint](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7803dbdc-f646-4d34-80e5-c040a949567b)
![Terrain](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7c6e91fb-4e6a-466c-a59d-e3a20a543dca)
![Alignment](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/423c2bdb-91f7-4ae9-8187-28902157d0a2)
![Profile](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4550b37c-ded8-46e9-a480-57bb5f941d9b)
![Sections](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/86b22064-9f8a-4b9e-9a64-3467e8e345cd)
![Structure](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e1224ba8-4c80-4e4a-92bc-24d42024a67d)
![Road Model](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ef780b2d-c22a-4211-8bab-b413ca2c87ec)
